the differences are only in the animals
themselves their strategies and their
settings in the sky there's no place for
stalking predator to hide
so for the element of surprise the
peregrine falcon has to resort to sheer
speed in a dive it's the fastest bird in
the world so fast it's breathtaking
it's talks by flying high and relying on
eyes that are as good as telescopes the
fat slow looking pigeon might seem to be
doomed but it evolved as Peregrine's
evolved and is equipped to watch for
them eyes on the side of its head
enabled the pigeon to forage for seed
and scan the sky the same time it spies
once it's in the air it becomes a racer
the Peregrine likeness streamlining
speed
the pigeon strength endurance enough
speed and a head start
the Peregrine is more maneuverable
the pigeon has a wider field of vision
toe and plenty of manoeuvres of its own
it's also flying for its life
this time the pigeon out flies it's the
sewer
this Peregrine is still young and just
learning that speed by itself isn't
always enough
it must raise it's game